doc: multiple changesets (#461)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/features/odata/odata-v2-client.mdx

  )
  .execute(destination);
```

### Use multiple changesets

A batch request can consist of multiple changeset. As shown in the example below, the `changeset1` will be executed first followed by the `changeset2`.

> Again, it's not possible to define the order of the execuetion inside a changeset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast to the operations within a changeset, which have no defined order of execution as state already before.
```
